Use Azure Data Factory + Azure Functions for calling your Python scripts.

1. Prepare Your Python Script
Make sure your Python script is ready and functional. In your case, the index_calculations.py script needs to:

Accept inputs such as product name, weight, heating details, and distance.
Return results as output (e.g., JSON or text).
Handle exceptions and errors gracefully.
Save the script in a location accessible for deployment, such as Azure Blob Storage.

2. Set Up Azure Data Factory
Create an ADF Instance:

Log in to the Azure portal.
Go to Azure Data Factory and click Create.
Fill in the required fields (name, resource group, etc.) and create the instance.
Access the Data Factory Interface:

Open the ADF instance and go to the Author & Monitor interface.
3. Upload Your Script to Azure
Create a Blob Storage Container:

Go to Azure Blob Storage in the Azure portal.
Create a container (e.g., scripts) and upload your Python script (e.g., index_calculations.py).
Note the Blob URL:

Once uploaded, copy the URL of the Python script. It will be something like:
arduino
Copier
Modifier
https://<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/scripts/index_calculations.py
4. Set Up an Azure Batch or Azure Function (Optional)
Azure Data Factory does not directly execute Python scripts. You need to use one of the following services:

Option A: Azure Batch
Create an Azure Batch Pool:

Go to Azure Batch Accounts in the Azure portal.
Create a batch account, then create a pool with nodes that support Python.
Run the Script in Batch:

Configure a Batch task in ADF to execute your Python script on one of the nodes.
Option B: Azure Functions
Deploy Your Python Script to Azure Functions:

Package the script in a zip file with a requirements.txt.
Deploy the function using the Azure CLI or the portal.
Get the Function URL:

Once deployed, copy the Azure Function's HTTP trigger URL.
5. Create a Pipeline in ADF
Create a New Pipeline:

In the Author tab, click New Pipeline.
Add an HTTP Activity (For Azure Functions):

Drag and drop the HTTP activity into the pipeline.
Configure it to call your Azure Function:
Method: POST
URL: Paste the HTTP trigger URL from Azure Functions.
Headers: Include any necessary headers (e.g., Content-Type: application/json).
Body: Provide the inputs for your script (in JSON format):
json
Copier
Modifier
{
  "product_name": "pomme de terre",
  "weight_kg": 0.5,
  "m2": 50,
  "heating_id": 3,
  "season": "winter",
  "distance": 50,
  "transport_id": 4
}
Add a Batch Activity (For Azure Batch):

Drag and drop the Azure Batch activity into the pipeline.
Configure it to run your Python script:
Provide the Batch account details.
Set up a task to execute the Python script using the command:
javascript
Copier
Modifier
python index_calculations.py <arguments>
Set Up Pipeline Trigger:

Add a trigger (manual, schedule-based, or event-based) to run the pipeline.
6. Test the Pipeline
Run the Pipeline:

Use the Debug feature to test the pipeline.
Monitor the execution logs in the Monitor tab.
Validate the Results:

Check the output of the HTTP activity or Azure Batch task.
Ensure the script ran successfully and returned the expected indices and global rank.
7. Optional Enhancements
Store Outputs:
Save the script output to a database or Azure Blob Storage using the Copy Activity.
Dynamic Inputs:
Use parameters in ADF to make the inputs dynamic (e.g., pass user data from a front-end).
Example Workflow
Trigger: Event-based trigger (e.g., when user data is submitted).
HTTP Activity: Call the Azure Function running your Python script.
Copy Activity: Save the calculated indices and global rank to a database or storage.
Why Azure Functions Is Ideal for Your Use Case
Lightweight Triggering: Your scripts run only when triggered by user input.
Scalable: Functions scale automatically with load.
Integration: Easily integrates with ADF, storage, and other Azure services.